at that time Michael shall stand up the
at that time Michael shall stand up the Great Prince who stands watch over the
Great Prince who stands watch over the
Great Prince who stands watch over the sons of your people and there shall be a
sons of your people and there shall be a
sons of your people and there shall be a time of trouble such as never was since
time of trouble such as never was since
time of trouble such as never was since there was a nation even to that time and
there was a nation even to that time and
there was a nation even to that time and at that time your people shall be
at that time your people shall be
at that time your people shall be delivered every one who is found written
delivered every one who is found written
delivered every one who is found written in the book and many of those who sleep
in the book and many of those who sleep
in the book and many of those who sleep in the dust of the earth shall awake
in the dust of the earth shall awake
in the dust of the earth shall awake some to everlasting life
some to everlasting life
some to everlasting life some to shame and everlasting contempt
some to shame and everlasting contempt
some to shame and everlasting contempt those who are wise shall shine like the
those who are wise shall shine like the
those who are wise shall shine like the brightness of the firmament and those
brightness of the firmament and those
brightness of the firmament and those who turn many to righteousness like the
who turn many to righteousness like the
who turn many to righteousness like the Stars forever and ever
Stars forever and ever
Stars forever and ever but you Daniel shut up the words and
but you Daniel shut up the words and
but you Daniel shut up the words and seal the book until the time of the end
seal the book until the time of the end
seal the book until the time of the end many shall run to and fro and knowledge
many shall run to and fro and knowledge
many shall run to and fro and knowledge shall increase then I Daniel looked and
shall increase then I Daniel looked and
shall increase then I Daniel looked and there stood two others one on this
there stood two others one on this
there stood two others one on this riverbank and the other on that
riverbank and the other on that
riverbank and the other on that riverbank and one said to the man
riverbank and one said to the man
riverbank and one said to the man clothed in linen who was above the
clothed in linen who was above the
clothed in linen who was above the waters of the river how long shall the
waters of the river how long shall the
waters of the river how long shall the fulfillment of these wonders be then I
fulfillment of these wonders be then I
fulfillment of these wonders be then I heard the man clothed in linen who was
heard the man clothed in linen who was
heard the man clothed in linen who was above the waters of the river when he
above the waters of the river when he
above the waters of the river when he held up his right hand and his left hand
held up his right hand and his left hand
held up his right hand and his left hand to heaven and swore by him who lives
to heaven and swore by him who lives
to heaven and swore by him who lives forever that it shall be for a time
forever that it shall be for a time
forever that it shall be for a time times and half a time
times and half a time
times and half a time and when the power of the holy people
and when the power of the holy people
and when the power of the holy people has been completely shattered all these
has been completely shattered all these
has been completely shattered all these things shall be finished although I
things shall be finished although I
things shall be finished although I heard I did not understand then I said
heard I did not understand then I said
heard I did not understand then I said my lord what shall be the end of these
my lord what shall be the end of these
my lord what shall be the end of these things go your way Daniel for the words
things go your way Daniel for the words
things go your way Daniel for the words are closed up and sealed to the time of
are closed up and sealed to the time of
are closed up and sealed to the time of the end many shall be purified made
the end many shall be purified made
the end many shall be purified made white and refined but the wicked shall
white and refined but the wicked shall
white and refined but the wicked shall do wickedly and none of the wicked shall
do wickedly and none of the wicked shall
do wickedly and none of the wicked shall understand but the wise shall understand
understand but the wise shall understand
understand but the wise shall understand and from the time that the daily
and from the time that the daily
and from the time that the daily sacrifice is taken away and the
sacrifice is taken away and the
sacrifice is taken away and the abomination of desolation is set up
abomination of desolation is set up
abomination of desolation is set up there shall be 1290 days blessed is he
there shall be 1290 days blessed is he
there shall be 1290 days blessed is he who waits and comes to the 1,335 days
who waits and comes to the 1,335 days
who waits and comes to the 1,335 days but you go your way
but you go your way
but you go your way till the end for you shall rest and will
till the end for you shall rest and will
till the end for you shall rest and will arise to your inheritance at the end of
arise to your inheritance at the end of
arise to your inheritance at the end of the days
the days
the days [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you